# Callback

Source: https://api.bog.ge/docs/en/payments/standard-process/callback

- Standard Process
- Callback
Callback
Unlike other methods, which are initiated by the business, the callback method is triggered by the payment system. The logic for receiving and processing this callback must be implemented on the business side. This method allows the business to receive real-time updates on the payment status when:
callback
- The payment is completed successfully.
- The payment is completed unsuccessfully.
- The amount is fully or partially returned to the customer.
Payment details are sent to the callback URL, provided when the order was requested, using the POST method. To confirm successful receipt of the callback, the business should return HTTP CODE 200. If callback was not received successfully, business must use the Get Payment Details method to verify the payment status and correctly update the order status in its system.
Header​
string
Signature generated by encrypting callback's request body with a private key using SHA256withRSA algorithm. In order to ensure integrity of callback data, business should verify signature using request body and public key. It is essential to execute this verification before the deserialization of the request body, ensuring that the order of fields remains unchanged.
private key
SHA256withRSA
public key
- PUBLIC KEY
-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----MIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIBCgKCAQEAu4RUyAw3+CdkS3ZNILQhzHI9Hemo+vKB9U2BSabppkKjzjjkf+0Sm76hSMiu/HFtYhqWOESryoCDJoqffY0Q1VNt25aTxbj068QNUtnxQ7KQVLA+pG0smf+EBWlS1vBEAFbIas9d8c9b9sSEkTrrTYQ90WIM8bGB6S/KLVoT1a7SnzabjoLc5Qf/SLDG5fu8dH8zckyeYKdRKSBJKvhxtcBuHV4f7qsynQT+f2UYbESX/TLHwT5qFWZDHZ0YUOUIvb8n7JujVSGZO9/+ll/g4ZIWhC1MlJgPObDwRkRd8NFOopgxMcMsDIZIoLbWKhHVq67hdbwpAq9K9WMmEhPnPwIDAQAB-----END PUBLIC KEY-----
-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----MIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIBCgKCAQEAu4RUyAw3+CdkS3ZNILQhzHI9Hemo+vKB9U2BSabppkKjzjjkf+0Sm76hSMiu/HFtYhqWOESryoCDJoqffY0Q1VNt25aTxbj068QNUtnxQ7KQVLA+pG0smf+EBWlS1vBEAFbIas9d8c9b9sSEkTrrTYQ90WIM8bGB6S/KLVoT1a7SnzabjoLc5Qf/SLDG5fu8dH8zckyeYKdRKSBJKvhxtcBuHV4f7qsynQT+f2UYbESX/TLHwT5qFWZDHZ0YUOUIvb8n7JujVSGZO9/+ll/g4ZIWhC1MlJgPObDwRkRd8NFOopgxMcMsDIZIoLbWKhHVq67hdbwpAq9K9WMmEhPnPwIDAQAB-----END PUBLIC KEY-----
Response​
string
Callback type. The meaning is always order_payment.
order_payment
string
object
Order data. Involves the payment detail containing fields.
- RESPONSE
{ "event": "order_payment", "zoned_request_time": "2022-11-23T18:06:37.240559Z", "body": { "order_id": "a767a276-cddd-43ec-9db3-9f9b39eee02d", "industry": "ecommerce", ... }}
{ "event": "order_payment", "zoned_request_time": "2022-11-23T18:06:37.240559Z", "body": { "order_id": "a767a276-cddd-43ec-9db3-9f9b39eee02d", "industry": "ecommerce", ... }}